# Summary:

The telemetry data from Jaeger gives a comprehensive outline of the performance and behavior of specific microservices for applications built using a microservices architecture. Applications like Jaeger or Zipkin give us a traceback of a request that was used in the application, which essentially gives us an outline of the journey of the HTTP request as it traverses through the different microservices of the application. This traceback provides developers with a large amount of information that they can use to accomplish a variety of tasks such as identifying bottlenecks or the source of errors. In a multi-service microservice application, each of the spans in Jaeger represent one step of the trace, so looking at the time each of these steps took, along with the status_code allows developers to see which step is taking an excessive amount of time or failing in the given request.
Looking at the screenshot we can get quite a bit of information about the request and its journey through the application such as the time the request was made, (3:48 PM on November 26th) how long it took to execute (25.95 ms), the fact that only 1 microservice was involved, and the fact that there were 3 spans or steps in the request. In addition, we can see information about the actual span in the screenshot, including the fact that it was a GET method by looking at the http_method, the fact that the request was successful by looking at the status code, the fact that the host involved was localhost:3000 by looking at the http.host, and the fact that the target of the request was /todo. We can also clearly see that the service involved in this request was the todo-service from the service.name. Since our target was the /todo the entire list of todos was returned to us, but if we had specified an id number by doing /todo/1 for instance, we would have been returned the corresponding todo list item instead of the entire list, and the information on Jaeger would likely be a bit different since the http.target would have been changed.
